---
layout: page
title: NET603
permalink: /NET603/
image: binary.jpg
---

#### Student blogs
<small> Semester 1 2020</small>

1. [Hayden & Claudio](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OkbDPg1hEQYgu_7-qP7tVlXxpkadMAhgVTjXTE5IZlo/edit?usp=sharing)
2. [Asha, Mariya, Vishnupriya & Suhaib](http://http470.home.blog/)
3. [Warren, Matthew & Dale](https://groupnet602.blogspot.com/)
4. [David, Akhil, Sharad & Vishnu](https://vadblogcom.wordpress.com/)
5. [Kashish & Sujani](https://ksnet603.wordpress.com/)
6. [Anushka, Chamara, Sinhara & Aileen](https://geekdevelop.blogspot.com/2020/03/day-1-25th-february-2020-1.html)
7. [Dylan & Noel]()
8. [Mark](https://livenmitac-my.sharepoint.com/:o:/r/personal/kevin-christison_live_nmit_ac_nz/Documents/NET603?d=wd39b81089f51466cb9f83df428ce9343&csf=1&e=oE3qeh)

#### Week 12, 
<small>28 May 2020</small>

I have suggested the Demonstartion session to be moved from the Thursday the 18th of June to Thursday the 25th of June.
The reason is a mistake I made with the planning of the PRJ70x Poster Presentation Event.
And the fact that I have some other social commitments on that day :)
Please let me know if it is a problem for you....and we can possibly replan.
All other due dates stay as they are.

#### Week 7, 
<small>1 April 2020</small>

I have worked on the ISO storage on TALOS VTE today. I have tried to update and orgaise the ISO's in there. I am a bit unsure how your access rights are - but someone have recently uploaded in there. If it is one of you, please ensure that you follow naming conventions, so the storage space makes sense to all of us. There was some stuff I couldn't make sense of (deleted) and some I was unsure about (re-organised).

Some of the ISO's might be hard to install, as they require a trial license. Try to obtain these individually. Others should be more straight forward. I have for example added some Ubuntu images.

I will work on alering the course material today and tomorrow, and let you know when I have finished the next version of it.

#### Week 5, What you could do the next week and a half
<small>26 March 2020</small>

I am frantically working on an update/upgrade of the course, so it can be run online only.
As you can see the MS Teams hub is up running now. I just need to define your workspaces, upload revised course documents, -schedule and assignments, and allocate course functionality to Moodle, the Class Blog, your blogs and the notebooks and streams in MS Teams.  It is being done next week, the latest.

Until then, please play around as much as you can in the TALOS VTE. I have done some work in there, and found that some of the ISO’s are too old to have full functionality. You can either choose to upgrade them after installation or upload you own, more recent version. 

Also, I have found that the switches are not working exactly as I was expecting. I have used switch 2, until now and it gives me full Internet access. I am not exactly sure how the other two switches in you space are set up – but please keep me and the rest of the class in the loop as you progress.

Finally a few reminders to maintain good community culture in there; I have for example seen Linux machines spinning directly on the ISO. Debian/Ubuntu can do that – but please do the installation and eject the ISO afterwards. Also, be economical with the ISO’s you upload.

One last piece of advise – I have found that the web client works perfectly well. But some machines benefit a lot from having Vmware tools installed in the machine. You will be prompted from your VMware interface to do it and how to do it. It makes a big difference in the GUI, file sharing and other functionality.

#### Week 4, Homework for next week
<small>19 March  2020</small>

A company has a 190.240.0.0/16 block. They now want to re-organise it into large blocks. They wish to have subnets that can handle at least 1000 hosts each.

You can substitute into the formulae 2<sup>S</sup> >= subnets required and 2<sup>H</sup>-2 >= hosts required - to determine the number of bits required.

Please calculate:

* S = bits used for subnetting
* H= bits used for the number of hosts in each subnet

Also, please calculate the following for the second subnet:

* subnet mask
* subnet address
* first usable address in that subnet
* last usable address in that subnet
* broadcast address of that subnet

**Also happening on Tuesday: Group 2 is presenting**

#### Internal IP allocation for your space in TALOS VTE
<small>14 March  2020</small>

Firstly, I would like to remind you that if you would like to log into your project space on TALOS VTE, you have to use the folloing format of the username I handed out to you last week: **TALOS\your-username**

Secondly, the range of IP adresses that you can use in there are as shown below (unless you put something behind a firewall/NAT service). Please note that I have given your project groups numbers. These numbers correspond with the number in front of the IP ranges:

1. 10.10.3.1 - 10.10.3.254
2. 10.10.4.1 - 10.10.4.254
3. 10.10.5.1 - 10.10.5.254
4. 10.10.6.1 - 10.10.6.254
5. 10.10.7.1 - 10.10.7.254
6. 10.10.8.1 - 10.10.8.254
7. 10.10.10.1 - 10.10.10.254
8. 10.10.9.1 - 10.10.9.254

* Subnet mask is 255.255.0.0
* Gateway is 10.10.1.1
* DNS: Use 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4

#### Week 3, fifth Classroom Session
<small>10 March  2020</small>

Towards the end of last week we ended up with the first small beginnings for a network design for assignment 2. As the first steps towards a Top Down Network Design process, I asked you to relate to the following questions:

1. Look at what they should be able to do in the travel agency? What applications do they need to provide the services?
2. Write additional initial design ideas up in a brief overview
3. How do you initially think that you would design and build this?
4. Please formulate any questions/uncertainties you have at this stage.

Today we will start up with some short session about IPv4 and IPv6 and subnetting and move on to network design discussions.

Also, please remember to sign up for [GitHub](https://education.github.com/students) Pro and [Azure](https://ecampus.nmit.ac.nz/moodle/course/view.php?id=4458) so we can access their free resources.

There might be blog links missing from a couple of groups?

#### Third Classroom Session
<small>3 March  2020</small>

I would just like to line up what you can expect the next couple of sessions;

I have received some URL's and some groups have be formed. Please finish this task from last week, as soon as you can. I will have a brief discussion with each one of you towards the end of the session to ensure that it is happening.

Today, we will move on with sub-netting, so you have the foundation to work more independently with it.

Also, I would like you to sign up with [GitHub](https://education.github.com/students) and [Azure](https://ecampus.nmit.ac.nz/moodle/course/view.php?id=4458) so we can access their free resources.
That might just be your homework :)

#### First Classroom Session
<small>25 February  2020</small>

Thank you for the first session. Good to meet you – and it it good to be back in the classroom again after the long break.

As homework for the next session (Thursday), I would like you to do the following:

* Form work groups of 2-3 students
* Each group create a blog (WordPress, etc.) where all group members have editing access. Also, make sure that commenting  is enabled on the blog.
* Send me (Lars.Dam@nmit.ac.nz) the link with your names, so I can add it to this blog
* As the last thing – please bring pen and paper the next few weeks

The blog is there for you to document the progression of your project (assignment2). That means write what you have done, what you are doing at the moment, and what you are planning to do in the near future. When we have started working on assignment 2, I expect a weekly posting on the blog with at least one contribution from each group member. You could start up with a first posting in there about yourself - what kind of network/infrastructure work you have done in the past, what you expect to learn/do in this course and what infrastructure work you would like to do in the future (after graduation)

See you on Thursday.

#### What is the NET603 blog?

<small>February 2020</small>

This is the NET603 Class Blog Space. News, instructions, ideas....they will all be posted here instead of Moodle. Moodle will act as the static course place holder for assignments, drop-boxes, etc.
