---
layout: page
title: RES701
permalink: /RES701/
image: 08.jpg
---

#### Student blogs
<small> Semester 1 2020</small>

* [Tester link](https://nmitresearchmethods.wordpress.com/)

#### First blog posting
<small>February 28 2020</small>

Follow the instructions in for exmple WordPress.com to set up the blog. If you are using an existing blog, please create a RES701 category.

Email me the url; Lars.Dam@nmit.ac.nz

Write your first post:

* What do you think ‘research’ is?
* Do you think you will ever need research skills?
* What do you think a research journal is and who is it written for?
* What is plagiarism?
* Why is it important to avoid it?

#### Why blogging in RES701?
<small>February 28 2020</small>

As you might have sensed by now, it is very important for this course, that we create and maintain a ‘research community’. One of the most important and efficient ways of doing this, is to write up your reflections on the discussions and the presentations in the classroom and what you are learning, as we move along.

This means staying up to date with this blog and update you own blog weekly – at least. So bookmark this blog and follow it.

As soon as possible, we will have links up to all of your blogs here. You will then be able to follow the learning journey of your classmates – selectively if you like 🙂

Don’t take the competition with your classmates to seriously. Some are very good at writing and if they are very competitive, they would have something impressive up most of the time. What I am looking for from everyone, is active participation and deep thinking. Which does require some writing at the end of the day. So – do your best – consistently 🙂 – as in any other teamwork.

#### The old RES701 blog 
<small>February 2020</small>

This is the new RES701 Class Blog Space, built for ongoing communications during the course.
Moodle will act as the static course place holder for assignments, drop-boxes, etc.
There might also be some interesting and/or relevant information on the [Old RES701 blog](https://nmitresearchmethods.wordpress.com/).
