---
layout: post
title:  Covid-19
date:   2020-03-23 23:50:00 -1200
image:  corona.jpg
tags:   News
---

As you might have heard in the news – and as all kinds of rumours – NMIT is suspending classes until the 6th of April. After that classes will be held online only. I and the other IT tutors have expected for a while, that  something like this could  happen, so we have been doing some trials of possible learning environments and set-ups.

It is individual what we have come up with – but I sense that we to a large degree have embraced MS Teams as the main hub in our designs.

Personally, I am still working on a suitable online learning environment design. However, it will be with MS teams in the core, so please install the application, log in and find the group that I have created for your class.

Moodle will still be the ‘static’ place holder for course description documents and assignments.
The Class Blog will still be the place for news and current course ides and inspiration– but I will possibly use the MS Team interface for exercises, explanations, homework, etc.

Zoom and/or MS Team meetings will be held in class session time and for project supervision.

What I am still working on, is a functional and transparent way of organising the learning in different modes: lectures, presentations, discussions, exercises, group work, individual work. Also, I have to balance out how I can support and interact in the different learning modes and give feedback on progress and results. Still working on it – but I will keep you informed so you know what to expect.

For now, you can possibly extend on where we left, last week. And get yourself set up with MS Teams. And yes – it also works in Mac and Linux :)

As for the PRJ701/702 course, I think that we can have a supervisor allocation finalised mid week – I will send you a personal email, when you have a supervisor.

Good luck out there and take care – it might take a while before I see you again in real life....
