---
layout: post
title:  Zoom and MS Teams
date:   2020-03-26 12:40:00 -1200
image:  zoom.jpg
tags:   News
---

I am getting closer to a way of organising our online classrooms. The following layout applies to all of my classes:

* MS Teams will be the classroom hub. I have organised one team/course. Please ensure that you have the application installed
* Within the individual teams there will channels for permanent groups and notebooks for each student. We will utilise those to the extend we feel like
* You will remain using your individual blog/journal as before
* Moodle will have the same role as before
* We will be using Zoom for all of the classroom sessions. Please set yourself up with a Zoom account, using your NMIT email account. This will ensure that I can report your attendance to the sessions. __Students based in China might have to use workarounds to use Zoom__. Some students based in China know how to do this -  please discuss internally (WeChat) how to do it
* Upcoming classroom sessions will be following your timetable after April the 6th, and will be announced with a link in teams
* The call function within MS Teams will be used for individual discussion (tutor – student, student – student, etc.). Basically everything that isn’t a common classroom session

It might sound a bit confusing right now – but I have really, really tried to be consistent in my approach.

Next week I will still be setting up the interfaces in MS Teams, organising practical details and updating the course schedules. We are loosing some valuable learning time - so I have to prioritise and ensure that we work efficiently towards our assessments.

Hopefully you are all well?
And mange to enjoy the break – to some extent?
